GENTLEMEN 
PREFER BLONDES 


CHAPTER ONE 
GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


March 16th: 

A gentleman friend and I were dining at 
the Ritz last evening and he said that if I took 
a pencil and a paper and put down all of my 
thoughts it would make a book. This almost 
made me smile as what it would really make 
would be a whole row of encyclopediacs. I 
mean I seem to be thinking practically all of 
the time. I mean it is my favorite recreation 
and sometimes I sit for hours and do not seem 
to do anything else but think. So this gentle- 
man said a girl with brains ought to do some- 
thing else with them besides think. And he 
said he ought to know brains when he sees 
them, because he is in the senate and he spends 
quite a great deal of time in Washington, 
d. c., and when he comes into contract with 

EE 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


brains he always notices it. So it might have 
all blown over but this morning he sent me a 
book. And so when my maid brought it to 
me, I said to her, “Well, Lulu, here is another 
book and we have not read half the ones we 
have got yet.” But when I opened it and saw 
that it was all a blank I remembered what my 
gentleman acquaintance said, and so then I 
realized that it was a diary. So here I am 
writing a book instead of reading one. 

But now it is the 16th of March and of 
course it is to late to begin with January, but 
it does not matter as my gentleman friend, 
Mr. Eisman, was in town practically all of 
January and February, and when he is in 
town one day seems to be practically the same 
as the next day. 

I mean Mr. Eisman is in the wholesale 
button profession in Chicago and he is the 
gentleman who is known practically all over 
Chicago as Gus Kisman the Button King. 
And he is the gentleman who is interested in 
educating me, so of course he is always com- 
ing down to New York to see how my brains 
have improved since the last time. But when 
Mr. Eisman is in New York we always seem 
to do the same thing and if I wrote down one 

x 12 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BILONDES 


day in my diary, all I would have to do would 
be to put quotation marks for all other days. 
I mean we always 
seem to have dinner 
at the Colony and see 
a show and go to the 
Trocadero and then | 
Mr. Eisman shows & 
me to my apartment. 
So of course when a 
gentleman is inter- 
ested in educating a 
girl, he likes to stay 
and talk about the 
topics of the day until 
quite late, so I am 
quite fatigued the 
next day and I do 
i bik By act we eel “It would be strange if I 
it is time to dress for turn out to be an authoress.” 
dinner at the Colony. 

It would be strange if I turn out to be an 
authoress. I mean at my home near Little 
Rock, Arkansas, my family all wanted me to 
do something about my music. Because all 
of my friends said I had talent and they all 
kept after me and kept after me about prac- 


13 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


tising. But some way I never seemed to care 
so much about practising. I mean I simply 
could not sit for hours and hours at a time 
practising just for the sake of a career. So 
one day I got quite tempermental and threw 
the old mandolin clear across the room and I 
have really never touched it since. But writ- 
ing is different because you do not have to 
learn or practise and it is more tempermental 
because practising seems to take all the tem- 
perment out of me. So now [I really almost 
have to smile because I have just noticed that 
I have written clear across two pages onto 
March 18th, so this will do for today and to- 
morrow. And it just shows how tempermen- 
tal I am when I get started. 


March 19th: 

Well last evening Dorothy called up and 
Dorothy said she has met a gentleman who 
gave himself an introduction to her in the 
lobby of the Ritz. So then they went to 
luncheon and tea and dinner and then they 
went to a show and then they went to the 
Trocadero. So Dorothy said his name was 
Lord Cooksleigh but what she really calls him 
is Coocoo. So Dorothy said why don’t you 


14 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


and I and Coocoo go to the Follies tonight 
and bring Gus along if he isin town? So then 
Dorothy and I had quite a little quarrel be- 
cause every time that Dorothy mentions the 
subject of Mr. EKisman she calls Mr. Kisman 
by his first name, and she does not seem to 
realize that when a gentleman who is as im- 
portant as Mr. Eisman, spends quite a lot of 
money educating a girl, it really does not 
show reverance to call a gentleman by his first 
name. I mean I never even think of calling 
Mr. Eisman by his first name, but if I want 
to call him anything at all, I call him “Daddy” 
and I do not even call him “Daddy” if a place 
seems to be public. So I told Dorothy that 
Mr. Eisman would not be in town until day 
after tomorrow. So then Dorothy and Coo- 
coo came up and we went to the Follies. 

So this morning Coocoo called up and he 
wanted me to luncheon at the Ritz. I mean 
these foreigners really have quite a nerve. 
Just because Coocoo is an Englishman and a 
Lord he thinks a girl can waste hours on him 
just for a luncheon at the Ritz, when all he 
does is talk about some exposition he went un 
to a place called Tibet and after talking for 
hours I found out that all they were was a lot 


se) 


GENTLEMEX PREFER BLONDES 


of Chinamen. So I will be quite glad to see 
Mr. Eisman when he gets in. Because he 
always has something quite interesting to talk 
about, as for instants the last time he was here 
he presented me with quite a beautiful emer- 
ald bracelet. So next week is my birthday 
and he always has some delightful surprise on 
holidays. 

I did intend to luncheon at the Ritz with 
Dorothy today and of course Coocoo had to 
spoil it, as I told him that I could not luncheon 
with him today, because my brother was in 
town on business and had the mumps, so I 
really could not leave him alone. Because of 
course if I went to the Ritz now I would 
bump into Coocoo. But I sometimes almost 
have to smile at my own imagination, because 
of course I have not got any brother and I 
have not even thought of the mumps for 
years. I mean it is no wonder that I can 
write. 

So the reason I thought I would take 
luncheon at the Ritz was because Mr. Chaplin 
is at the Ritz and I always like to renew old 
acquaintances, because I met Mr. Chaplin 
once when we were both working on the same 
lot in Hollywood and I am sure he would 

; 16 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


remember me. Gentlemen always seem to 
remember blondes. I mean the only career 
I would like to be besides an authoress is a 
cinema star and I was doing quite well in the 
cinema when Mr. Eisman made me give it all 
up. Because of course when a gentleman 
takes such a friendly interest in educating a 
girl as Mr. Eisman does, you like to show that 
you appreciate it, and he is against a girl 
being in the cinema because his mother is 
authrodox. 


March 20th : 

Mr. Eisman gets in tomorrow to be here 
in time for my birthday. So I thought it 
would really be delightful to have at least one 
good time before Mr. Eisman got in, so last 
evening I had some literary gentlemen in to 
spend the evening because Mr. Eisman al- 
ways likes me to have literary people in and 
out of the apartment. I mean he is quite 
anxious for a girl to improve her mind and 
his greatest interest in me is because I always 
seem to want to improve my mind and not 
waste any time. And Mr. Kisman likes me 
to have what the French people call a “salo” 
which means that people all get together in 


17 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


the evening and improve their minds. So I 
invited all of the brainy gentlemen I could 
think up. So I thought up a gentleman who 
is the proffessor of all of the economics up at 
Columbia College, and the editor who is the 
famous editor of the New York Transcript 
and another gentleman who is a famous play- 
right who writes very, very famous plays 
that are all about Life. I mean anybody 
would recognize his name but it always seems 
to slip my memory because all of we real 
friends of his only call him Sam. So Sam 
asked if he could bring a gentleman who 
- writes novels from England, so I said yes, so 
he brought him. And then we all got together 
and I called up Gloria and Dorothy and the 
gentleman brought their own liquor. So of 
course the place was a wreck this morning and 
Lulu and I worked like proverbial dogs to 
get it cleaned up, but Heaven knows how 
long it will take to get the chandelier fixed. 


March 22nd: 

Well my birthday has come and gone but 
it was really quite depressing. I mean it 
seems to me a gentleman who has a friendly 
interest in educating a girl like Gus Kisman, 

18 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


would want her to have the biggest square 
cut diamond in New York. I mean I must 
say I was quite disappointed when he came 
to the apartment with a little thing you could 
hardly see. So I told him I thought it was 
quite cute, but I had quite a headache and I 
had better stay in a dark room all day and I 
told him I would see him the next day, per- 
haps. Because even Lulu thought it was 
quite small and she said, if she was I, she 
really would do something definite and she 
said she always believed in the old addage, 
“Leave them while you’re looking good.” But 
he came in at dinner time with really a very 
very beautiful bracelet of square cut diamonds 
so I was quite cheered up. So then we had 
dinner at the Colony and we went to a show 
and supper at the Trocadero as usual when- 
ever he is in town. But I will give him credit 
that he realized how small it was. I mean he 
kept talking about how bad business was and 
the button profession was full of bolshevicks 
who make nothing but trouble. Because Mr. 
Eisman feels that the country is really on the 
verge of the bolshevicks and I become quite 
worried. I mean if the bolshevicks do get in, 
there is only one gentleman who could handle 


19 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLOXNDES 


them and that is Mr. D. W. Griffith. Because 
_I will never forget when Mr. Griffith was 
directing Intolerance. I mean it was my last 
cinema just before Mr. Kisman made me give 
up my career and I was playing one of the 
girls that fainted at the battle when all of the 
gentlemen fell off the tower. And when I 
saw how Mr. Griffith handled all of those 
mobs in Intolerance I realized that he could 
do anything, and I really think that the gov- 
ernment of America ought to tell Mr. Griffith 
to get all ready if the bolshevicks start to do 
it. 

Well I forgot to mention that the English 
gentleman who writes novels seems to have 
taken quite an interest in me, as soon as he 
found out that I was literary. I mean he has 
called up every day and I went to tea twice 
with him. So he has sent me a whole complete 
set of books for my birthday by a gentleman 
called Mr. Conrad. They all seem to be 
about ocean travel although I have not had 
time to more than glance through them. I 
have always liked novels about ocean travel 
ever since I posed for Mr. Christie for the 
front cover of a novel about ocean travel by 
McGrath because I always say that a girl 

: 20 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


never really looks as well as she does on board 
a steamship, or even a yacht. 

So the English gentleman’s name is Mr. 
Gerald Lamson as those who have read his 


“He sent me a set of books by a gentleman called Mr. 
Conrad. They all seem to be about ocean travel.” 


novels would know. And he also sent me 
some of his own novels and they all seem to 
be about middle age English gentlemen who 
live in the country over in London and seem 
to ride bicycles, which seems quite different 
from America, except at Palm Beach. So I 
told Mr. Lamson how I write down all of my 
thoughts and he said he knew I had something 
to me from the first minute he saw me and 
when we become better acquainted I am going 
to let him read my diary. I mean I even . 

2I 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES © 


told Mr. Eisman about him and he is quite 
pleased. Because of course Mr. Lamson is 
quite famous and it seems Mr. Eisman has 
read all of his novels going to and fro on the 
trains and Mr. Eisman is always anxious to 
meet famous people and take them to the Ritz 


“I am really getting quite a little crush on Mr. Lamson 
but Mr. Eisman thinks my interest in him is more 
literary.” 


to dinner on Saturday night. But of course 
I did not tell Mr. EKisman that I am really 
getting quite a little crush on Mr. Lamson, 
which I really believe I am, but Mr. EKisman 
thinks my interest in him is more literary. 


March 30th: 
At last Mr. Eisman has left on the 20th 
Century and I must say I am quite fatigued 
; a2 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


and a little rest will be quite welcome. I 
mean I do not mind staying out late every 
night if I dance, but Mr. Kisman is really 
not such a good dancer so most of the time 
we just sit and drink some champagne or 
have a bite to eat and of course I do not dance 
with anyone else when I am out with Mr. 
Eisman. But Mr. Kisman and Gerry, as 
Mr. Lamson wants me to call him, became 
quite good friends and we had several eve- 
nings, all three together. So now that Mr. 
Kisman is out of town at last, Gerry and I 
are going out together this evening and 
Gerry said not to dress up, because Gerry 
seems to like me more for my soul. So I 
really had to tell Gerry that if all the gentle- 
men were like he seems to be, Madame 
Frances’ whole dress making establishment 
would have to go out of business. But 
Gerry does not like a girl to be nothing else 
but a doll, but he likes her to bring in her 
husband’s slippers every evening and make 
him forget what he has gone through. 

But before Mr. Eisman went to Chicago 
he told me that he is going to Paris this sum- 
mer on professional business and I think he 
intends to present me with a trip to Paris as 


23 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


he says there is nothing so educational as 
traveling. I mean it did worlds of good to 
Dorothy when she went abroad last spring 
and I never get tired of hearing her telling 
how the merry-go-rounds in Paris have pigs 
instead of horses. But I really do not know 
whether to be thrilled or not because, of 
course, if I go to Paris I will. have to leave 
Gerry and both Gerry and I have made up 
our minds not to be separated from one an- 
other from now on. 


March 31st: 

Last night Gerry and I had dinner at quite 
a quaint place where we had roast beef and 
baked potato. I mean he always wants me 
to have food which is what he calls “nourish- 
ing,’ which most gentlemen never seem to 
think about. So then we took a hansom cab 
and drove for hours around the park because 
Gerry said the air would be good for me. It 
is really very sweet to have some one think 
of all those things that gentlemen hardly ever 
seem to think about. So then we talked quite 
a lot. I mean Gerry knows how to draw a 
girl out and I told him things that I really 
would not even put in my diary. So when 


24 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


he heard all about my life he became quite 
depressed and we both had tears in our eyes. 
Because he said he never dreamed a girl could 
go through so much as I, and come out so 
sweet and not made bitter by it all. I mean 
Gerry thinks that most gentlemen are brutes 
and hardly ever think about a girl’s soul. 

So it seems that Gerry has had quite a lot 
of trouble himself and he can not even get 
married on account of his wife. He and she 
have never been in love with each other but 
she was a suffragette and asked him to marry 
her, so what could he do? So we rode all 
around the park until quite late talking and 
philosophizing quite a lot and I finally told 
him that I thought, after all, that bird life 
was the highest form of civilization. So 
Gerry calls me his little thinker and I really 
would not be surprised if all of my thoughts 
will give him quite a few ideas for his novels. 
Because Gerry says he has never seen a girl 
of my personal appearance with so many 
brains. And he had almost given up looking 
for his ideal when our paths seemed to cross 
each other and I told him I really thought a 
thing like that was nearly always the result 
of fate. . 

25 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


So Gerry says that I remind him quite a 
lot of Helen of Troy, whe was of Greek ex- 
traction. But the only Greek I kmow is a 
Greek gentleman by the name of Mr. Geor- 
gopolis who is really quite wealthy and he is 
what Dorothy and I call a “Shepper™ because 
you can always call him up at any hour and 
ask him to go shopping and he is always quite 
delighted, which very few gentlemen seem to 
be. And he never seems to care how much 
anything costs. I mean Mr. Georgopolis is 
also quite cultured, as I know quite a few 
gentlemen who can speak to a waiter in 
French but Mr. Georgopelis can also speak 
to a waiter in Greek which very few gentle- 
men seem to be able to do. 


April Ist: ; 

I am taking special pains with my diary 
from now on as I am really writing it for 
Gerry. I mean he and I are going to read 
it together some evening in front of the fire- 
place. But Gerry leaves this evening for 
Boston as he has to lecture about all of his 
works at Boston, but he will rush right hack 
as soon as possible. Se I am going to spend 
all of my time improving myself while he is 

: 26 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


gone. And this afternoon we are both going 
to a museum on 5th Avenue, because Gerry 
wants to show me a very very beautiful cup 
made by an antique jeweler called Mr. Cel- 
lini and he wants me to read Mr. Cellini’s 
life which is a very very fine book and not dull 
while he is in Boston. 

So the famous playright friend of mine 
who is called Sam called up this morning and 
he wanted me to go to a literary party tonight 
that he and some other literary gentlemen 
are giving to Florence Mills in Harlem but 
Gerry does not want me to go with Sam as 
Sam always insists on telling riskay stories. 
But personally I am quite broad minded and 
I always say that I do not mind a riskay 
story as long as it is really funny. I mean 
I have a great sense of humor. But Gerry 
says Sam does not always select and choose 
his stories and he just as soon I did not go 
out with him. So I am going to stay home 
and read the book by Mr. Cellini instead, 
because, after all, the only thing I am really 
interested in, is improving my mind. So I 
am going to do nothing else but improve my 
mind while Gerry is in Boston. I mean I 
just received a cable from Willie Gwynn 


27 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


who arrives from Europe tomorrow, but I am 
not even going to bother to see him. He is a 
sweet boy but he never gets anywhere and I 
am not going to waste my time on such as 
him, after meeting a gentleman like Gerry. 


April 2nd: 

I seem to be quite depressed this morning 
as I always am when there is nothing to put 
my mind to. Because I decided not to read 
the book by Mr. Cellini. I mean it was quite 
amuseing in spots because it was really quite 
riskay but the spots were not so close together 
and I never seem to like to always be hunting 
clear through a book for the spots I am look- 
ing for, especially when there are really not 
so many spots that seem to be so amuseing 
after all. So I did not waste my time on it 
but this morning I told Lulu to let all of the 
house work go and spend the day reading a 
book entitled “Lord Jim” and then tell me all 
about it, so that I would improve my mind 
while Gerry is away. But wken I got her the 
book I neariy made a mistake and gave her 
a book by the title of “The Nigger of the 
Narcissus” which really would have hurt her 
feelings. I mean I do not know why authors 

; 28 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


cannot say “Negro” instead of “Nigger” as 
they have their feelings just the same as we 
have. 

Well I just got a telegram from Gerry 
that he will not be back until tomorrow and 
also some orchids from Willie Gwynn, so I 
may as well go to the theatre with Willie to- 
night to keep from getting depressed, as he 
really is a sweet boy after all. I mean he 
never really does anything obnoxious. And 
it is quite depressing to stay at home and 
do nothing but read, unless you really have 
a book that is worth bothering about. 


A pril 3rd: 

I was really so depressed this morning that 
I was even glad to get a letter from Mr. 
EKisman. Because last night Willie Gwynn 
came to take me to the Follies, but he was so 
intoxicated that I had to telephone his club 
to send around a taxi to take him home. So 
that left me alone with Lulu at nine o’clock 
with nothing to do, so I put in a telephone 
call for Boston to talk to Gerry but it never 
went through. So Lulu tried to teach me 
how to play mah jong, but I really could not 
keep my mind on ‘it because I was so de- 


29 


GENTLEMEN. PREFER BLONDES 


pressed. So today I think I had better go 
over to Madame Frances and order some new 
evening gowns to cheer me up. 

Well Lulu just brought me a telegram 
from Gerry that he will be in this afternoon, 
but I must not meet him at the station on 
account of all of the reporters who always 
meet him at the station wherever he comes 
from. But he says he will come right up to 
see me as he has something to talk about. 


April 4th: 

What an evening we had last evening. I 
mean it seems that Gerry is madly in love 
with me. Because all of the time he was in 
Boston lecturing to the womens clubs he 
said, as he looked over the faces of all those 
club women in Boston, he never realized I 
was so beautiful. And he said that there 
was only one in all the world and that was 
me. But it seems that Gerry thinks that 
Mr. Kisman is terrible and that no good can 
come of our friendship. I mean I was quite 
surprised, as they both seemed to get along 
quite well together, but it seems that Gerry 
never wants me to see Mr. Kisman again. 
And he wants me to give up everything and 

30 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


study French and he will get a divorce and 
we will be married. Because Gerry does not 
seem to like the kind of life all of us lead in 
New York and he wants me to go home to 
papa in Arkansas and he will send me books 
to read so that I will not get lonesome there. 
And he gave me his uncle’s Masonic ring, 
which came down from the time of Soloman 
and which he never even lets his wife wear, 
for our engagement ring, and this afternoon 
a lady friend of his is going to bring me a new 
system she thought up of how to learn French. 
But some way I still seem to be depressed. I 
mean I could not sleep all night thinking of 
the terrible things Gerry said about New 
York and about Mr. Eisman. Of course I 
can understand Gerry being jealous of any 
gentleman friend of mine and of course I 
never really thought that Mr. Eisman was 
Rudolph Valentino, but Gerry said it made 
him cringe to think of a sweet gir] like I hav- 
ing a friendship with Mr. Kisman. So it 
really made me feel quite depressed. I 
mean Gerry likes to talk quite a lot and I 
always think a lot of talk is depressing and 
“worries your brains with things you never 
even think of when you are busy. But so 
31 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


long as Gerry does not mind me going out 
with other gentlemen when they have some- 
thing to give you mentally, I am going to 
luncheon with Eddie Goldmark of the Gold- 
mark Films who is always wanting me to 


“He said it made him cringe to think of a sweet girl like 
I having a friendship with Mr. Eisman.” 


sign a contract to go into the cinema. Be- 
cause Mr. Goldmark is madly in love with 
Dorothy and Dorothy is always wanting me 
to go back in the cinema because Dorothy 
says that she will go if I will go. 


April 6th: 

Well I finally wrote Mr. EKisman that I 
was going to get married and it seems that 
he is coming on at once as he would probably 

32 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


like to give me his advice. Getting married 
is really quite serious and Gerry talks to me 
for hours and hours about it. I mean he never 
seems to get tired of talking and he does not 
seem to even want to go to shows or dance or 
do anything else but talk, and if I don’t really 
have something definite to put my mind on 
soon I will scream. 


A pril 7th: 
Well Mr. Eisman arrived this morning and 
he and I had quite a long talk, and after all 


“He said I would be dragged into the scandal of a divorce 
court and get my name smiirched.” 


I think he is right. Because here is the first 
- real opportunity I have ever really had. I 
mean to go to Paris and broaden out and 


33 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


improve my writing, and why should I give it 
up to marry an author, where he is the whole 
thing and all I would be would be the wife of 


“So L am sailing for France 

and London on Tuesday and 

taking Dorothy with me and 

Mr. Eisman will see us there 
later.” 


Gerald Lamson? 
And on top of that I 
would haveto be 
dragged into the 
scandal of a divorce 
court and get my 
name smirched. So 
Mr. Eisman said that 
opportunities come 
to seldom in a girls 
life for me to give up 
the first one I have 
really ever had. So 
I am sailing for 
France and London 
on Tuesday and tak- 
ing Dorothy with me 
and Mr. Kisman says ~ 
that he will see us 
there later. So Doro- 


thy knows all of the ropes and she can get 
along in Paris just as though she knew 
French and besides she knows a French gen- 
tleman who was born and raised there, who 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


speaks it like a native and knows Paris like a 
book. And Dorothy says that when we get to 
London nearly everybody speaks English 
anyway. So it is quite lucky that Mr. Lam- 
son is out lecturing in Cincinnati and he will 
not be back until Wednesday and I can send 
him a letter and tell him that I have to go to 
Europe now but I will see him later perhaps. 
So anyway I will be spared listening to any 
more of his depressing conversation. So Mr. 
Hisman gave me quite a nice string of pearls 
and he gave Dorothy a diamond pin and we 
all went to the Colony for dinner and we all 
went to a show and supper at the Trocadero 
and we all spent quite a pleasant evening, 


35 


CHAPTER TWO 
FATE KEEPS OX HAPPENING 


Brae tt 


tape att dang 
bial ia That eset . 


ee hs § antrsaent 


oan ine eras ee 
llega tian Microw eds Mea - | 
: ort, Pa beeyere lod Bring at ijncoetst sea 


= wrod ed ot end Ait ead at" es 


att, hein ate ye, ot : Skee 


at , ales a ae 


CHAPTER TWO 
FATE KEEPS ON HAPPENING 


April 11th: 

Well Dorothy and I are really on the ship 
sailing to Europe as anyone could tell by 
looking at the ocean. I always love the ocean. 
I mean I always love a ship and I really love 
the Majestic because you would not know it 
was a ship because it is just like being at 
the Ritz, and the steward says the ocean is 
not so obnoxious this month as it generally 
is. So Mr. Eisman is going to meet us next 
month in Paris because he has to be there 
on business. I mean he always says that there 
is really no place to see the latest styles in 
buttons like Paris. 

So Dorothy is out taking a walk up and 
down the deck with a gentleman she met on 
the steps, but I am not going to waste my 
time going around with gentlemen because 
if I did nothing but go around I would not 
finish my diary or read good books which I 
am always reading to improve my mind, 
But Dorothy really does not care about her 


39 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


mind and I always scold her because she 
does nothing but waste her time by going 
around with gentlemen who do not have any- 
thing, when Eddie Goldmark of the Gold- 
mark Films is really quite wealthy and can 
make a girl delightful presents. But she does 
nothing but waste her time and yesterday, 
which was really the day before we sailed, she 
would not go to luncheon with Mr. Goldmark 
but she went to luncheon to meet a gentleman 
called Mr. Mencken from Baltimore who 
really only prints a green magazine which 
has not even got any pictures in it. But Mr. 
Hisman is always saying that every girl does 
not want to get ahead and get educated like 
me. 

So Mr. Eisman and Lulu come down to the 
boat to see me off and Lulu cried quite a lot. 
I mean I really believe she could not care any 
more for me if she was light and not colored. 
Lulu has had a very sad life because when she 
was quite young a pullman porter fell madly 
in love with her. So she believed him and 
he lured her away from her home to Ashta- 
bula and deceived her there. So she finally 
found out that she had been deceived and 
she really was broken hearted and when she 


40 


FATE KEEPS ON HAPPENING 


tried to go back home she found out that it 
was to late because her best girl friend, who 
she had always trusted, had stolen her hus- 
band and he would not take Lulu back. So I 
have always said to her she could always work 
for me and she is going to take care of the 
apartment until I get back, because I would 
not sublet the apartment because Dorothy 
sublet her apartment when she went to Eu- 
rope last year and the gentleman who sublet 
the apartment allowed girls to pay calls on 
him who were not nice. 

Mr. Eisman has litereally filled our room 
with flowers and the steward has had quite 
a hard time to find enough vases to put them 
into. I mean the steward said he knew as 
soon as he saw Dorothy and I that he would 
have quite a heavy run on vases. And of 
course Mr. Kisman has sent’ me quite a lot of 
good books as he always does, because he 
always knows that good books are always 
welcome. So he has sent me quite a large 
book of Etiquette as he says there is quite 
a lot of Etiquette in England and London 
and it would be a good thing for a girl to 
learn. So I am going to take it on the deck 
after luncheon and read it, because I would 


41 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


often like to know what a girl ought to do 
when a gentleman she has just met, says 


“The steward said he knew 
as soon as he saw Dorothy 
and I that he would have 
quite a heavy run on vases.” 


something to her in a 
taxi. Of course I al- 
ways become quite 
vexed but I always 
believe in giving a 
gentleman another 
chance. 

So now the steward 
tells me it is lunch- 
eon time, so I will 
go upstairs as the 
gentleman Dorothy 
met on the steps has 
invited us to luncheon 
in the Ritz, which is 
a special dining room 
on the ship where you 
can spend quite a lot 
of money because 
they really give away 


the food in the other dining room. 


April 12th: 


I am going to stay in bed this morning 
as I am quite upset as I saw a gentleman 


42 


FATE KEEPS ON HAPPENING 


who quite upset me. I am not really sure it 
was the gentleman, as I saw him at quite a 
distants in the bar, but if it really is the gen- 
tleman it shows that when a girl has a lot of 
fate in her life it is sure to keep on happening. 
So when I thought I saw this gentleman 1] 
was with Dorothy and Major Falcon, who 
is the gentleman Dorothy met on the steps, 
and Major Falcon noticed that I became 
upset, so he wanted me to tell him what was 
the matter, but it is really so terrible that I 
would not want to tell anyone. So I said 
good night to Major Falcon and I left him 
with Dorothy and I went down to our room 
and did nothing but cry and send the steward 
for some champagne to cheer me up. I mean 
champagne always makes me feel philosoph- 
ical because it makes me realize that when a 
girl’s life is as full of fate as mine seems to 
be, there is nothing else to do about it. So 
this morning the steward brought me my 
coffee and quite a large pitcher of ice water 
so I will stay in bed and not have any more 
champagne until luncheon time. 

Dorothy never has any fate in her life and 
she does nothing but waste her time and I 
really wonder if I did right to bring her with 


43 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


me and not Lulu. I mean she really gives 
gentlemen a bad impression as she talks quite 
a lot of slang. Because when I went up yes- 
terday to meet she and Major Falcon for 
luncheon, I overheard her say to Major Fal- 
con that she really liked to become intoxicated 
once in a “dirty” while. Only she did not say 


a £m, 
“T overheard Dorothy tell Major Falcon that she liked 
to become intoxicated once in a dirty while.” 


intoxicated, but she really said a slang word 
that means intoxicated and I am always hav- 
ing to tell her that “dirty” is a slang word 
and she really should not say “dirty.” 
Major Falcon is really quite a delightful 
gentleman for an Englishman. I mean he 
really spends quite a lot of money and we had 
quite a delightful luncheon and dinner in the 
Ritz until I thought I saw the gentleman who 


44 


FATE KEEPS ON HAPPENING 


upset me and I am so upset I think I will 
get dressed and go up on the deck and see 
if it really is the one I think it is. I mean 
there is nothing else for me to do as I have 
finished writing in my diary for today and I 
have decided not to read the book of Etti- 
quette as I glanced through it and it does not 
seem to have anything in it that I would care 
to know because it wastes quite a lot of time 
telling you what to call a Lord and all the 
Lords I have met have told me what to call 
them and it is generally some quite cute name 
like Coocoo whose real name is really Lord 
Cooksleigh. So I will not waste my time on 
such a book. But I wish I did not feel so 
upset about the gentleman I think I saw. 


A pril 13th: 

It really is the gentleman I thought I saw. 
I mean when I found out it was the gentle- 
man my heart really stopped. Because it all 
brought back things that anybody does not 
like to remember, no matter who they are. 
So yesterday when I went up on the deck 
to see if I could see the gentleman and see if 
it really was him, I met quite a delightful 
gentleman who I met once at a party called 


45 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


Mr. Ginzberg. Only his name is not Mr. Ginz- 
berg any more because a gentleman in Lon- 
don called Mr. Battenburg, who is some rela- 
tion to some king, changed his name to Mr. 
Mountbatten which Mr. Ginzberg says really 
means the same thing after all. So Mr. Gins- 
berg changed his name to Mr. Mountginz 


“So Mr. Ginsberg changed his name to Mr. Mountgins 
which he really thinks ts more aristocratic.” 


which he really thinks is more aristocratic. 
So we walked around the deck and we met the 
gentleman face to face and I really saw it was 
him and he really saw it was me. I mean his 
face became so red it was almost a picture. So 
I was so upset I said good-bye to Mr. Mount- 
ginz and I started to rush right down to my 
room and cry. But when I was going down 
the steps, I bumped right into Major Falcon 


46 


FATE KEEPS ON HAPPENING 


who noticed that I was upset. So Major Fal- 
con made me go to the Ritz and have some 
champagne and tell him all about it. 

So then I told Major Falcon about the 
time in Arkansas when Papa sent me to 
Little Rock to study how to become a sten- 
ographer. I mean Papa and I had quite 
a little quarrel because Papa did not like a 
gentleman who used to pay calls on me in the 
park and Papa thought it would do me good 
to get away for awhile. So I was in the 
business colledge in Little Rock for about a 
week when a gentleman called Mr. Jennings 
paid a call on the business colledge because 
he wanted to have a new stenographer. So 
he looked over all we colledge girls and he 
picked me out. So he told our teacher that 
he would help me finish my course in his 
office because he was only a lawyer and I 
really did not have to know so much. So 
Mr. Jennings helped me quite a lot and I 
stayed in his office about a year when I found 
out that he was not the kind of a gentleman 
that a young girl is safe with. I mean one 
evening when I went to pay a call on him at 
his apartment, I found a girl there who really 
was famous all over Little Rock for not 


47 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


being nice. So when I found out that girls 
like that paid calls on Mr. Jennings I had 
quite a bad case of histerics and my mind was 
really a blank and when I came out of it, it 
seems that I had a revolver in my hand and 
it seems that the revolver had shot Mr. Jen- 
nings. 

So this gentleman on the boat was really 
the District Attorney who was at the trial 
and he really was quite harsh at the trial and 
he called me names that I would not even 
put in my diary. Because everyone at the 
trial except the District Attorney was really 
lovely to me and all the gentlemen in the 
jury all cried when my lawyer pointed at 
me and told them that they practically all 
had had either a mother or a sister. So 
the jury was only out three minutes and then 
they came back and acquitted me and they 
were all so lovely that I really had to kiss 
all of them and when I kissed the judge he 
had tears in his eyes and he took me right 
home to his sister. JI mean it was when 
Mr. Jennings became shot that I got the idea 
to go into the cinema, so Judge Hibbard got 
me a ticket to Hollywood. So it was Judge 
Hibbard who really gave me my name be- 


48 


FATE KEEPS ON HAPPENING 


cause he did not like the name I had because 
he said a girl ought to have a name that ought 
to express her personality. So he said my 
name ought to be Lorelei which is the name 
of a girl who became famous for sitting 
on a rock in Germany. So I was in Holly- 
wood in the cinema when I met Mr. Kisman 


3 oA \\: Se ee 
“So when they acquitted me I kissed the judge and they 
all had tears in their eyes.” 


and he said that a girl with my brains ought 
not to be in the cinema but she ought to be 
educated, so he took me out of the cinema 
so he could educate me. 

So Major Falcon was really quite inter- 
ested in everything I talked about, because he 
said it was quite a co-instance because this 
District Attorney, who is called Mr. Bartlett, 
is now working for the government of Amer- 


49 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


ica and he is on his way to a place called 
Vienna on some business for Uncle Sam that 
is quite a great secret and Mr. Falcon would 
like very much to know what the secret 
is, because the Government in London sent 
him to America especially to find out what 
it was. Only of course Mr. Bartlett does 
not know who Major Falcon is, because it is 
such a great secret, but Major Falcon can 
tell me, because he knows who he can trust. 
So Major Falcon says he thinks a girl like 
I ought to forgive and forget what Mr. 
Bartlett called me and he wants to bring 
us together and he says he thinks Mr. Bart- 
lett would talk to me quite a lot when he 
really gets to know me and I forgive him 
for that time in Little Rock. Because it 
would be quite romantic for Mr. Bartlett 
and I to become friendly, and gentlemen who 
work for Uncle Sam generally like to become 
romantic with girls. So he is going to bring 
us together on the deck after dinner tonight 
and I am going to forgive him and talk with 
him quite a lot, because why should a girl 
hold a grudge against a gentleman who had 
to do it. So Major Falcon brought me quite 
a large bottle of perfume and a quite cute 
50 


FATE KEEPS OX HAPPENING 


imitation of quite a large size dog in the little 
shop which is on board the boat. I mean 
Major Falcon really knows how to cheer a 
girl up quite a lot and so tonight I am going 
to make it all up with Mr. Bartlett. 


April 14th: 

Well Mr. Bartlett and I made it all up last 
night and we are going to be the best of 
friends and talk quite a lot. So when I went 
down to my room quite late Major Falcon 
came down to see if I and Mr. Bartlett were 
really going to be friends because he said a 
girl with brains like I ought to have lots to 
talk about with a gentleman with brains like 
Mr. Bartlett who knows all of Uncle Sam’s 
secrets. 

So I told Major Falcon how Mr. Bartlett 
thinks that he and I seem to be like a play, 
because all the time he was calling me all 
those names in Little Rock he really thought 
I was. So when he found out that I turned 
out not to be, he said he always thought that 
I only used my brains against gentlemen and 
really had quite a cold heart. But now he. 
thinks I ought to write a play about how he 
called me all those names in Little Rock and 


51 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


then, after seven years, we became friendly. 

So I told Major Falcon that I told Mr. 
Bartlett I would like to write the play but I 
really did not have time as it takes quite a 
lot of time to write my diary and read good 
books. So Mr. Bartlett did not know that I 
read books which is quite a co-instance be- 
cause he reads them to. So he is going to 
bring me a book of philosophy this afternoon 
called “Smile, Smile, Smile” which all the 
brainy senators in Washington are reading 
which cheers you up quite a lot. 

So I told Major Falcon that having a 
friendship with Mr. Barlett was really quite 
enervating because Mr. Bartlett does not 
drink anything and the less anybody says 
about his dancing the better. But he did ask 
me to dine at his table, which is not in the 
Ritz and I told him I could not, but Major 
Falcon told me I ought to, but I told Major 
Falcon that there was a limit to almost every- 
thing. So 1 am going to stay in my room 
until luncheon and I am going to luncheon 
in the Ritz with Mr. Mountginz who really 
knows how to treat a girl. 

Dorothy is up on the deck wasting quite 
a lot of time with a gentleman who is 


52 


FATE KEEPS ON HAPPENING 


only a tennis champion. So I am going to 
ring for the steward and have some cham- 
pagne which is quite good for a person on 
a boat. The steward is really quite a nice 
boy and he has had quite a sad life and he likes 
to tell me all about himself. I mean it seems 
that he was arrested in Flatbush because 


“The steward has had quite a sad life and he likes to tell 
me all ebout himself.” 


he promised a gentleman that he would bring 
him some very very good scotch and they 
mistook him for a bootlegger. So it seems 
they put him in a prison and they put him 
in a cell with two other gentlemen who were 
very, very famous burglars. I mean they 
really had their pictures in all the newspapers 
and everybody was talking about them. So 
my steward, whose real name is Fred, was 


a 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


very very proud to be in the same cell with 
such famous burglars. So when they asked 
him what he was in for, he did not like to 
tell them that he was only a bootlegger, so 
he told them that he set fire to a house and 
burned up quite a large family in Oklahoma. 
So everything would have gone alright except 
that the police had put a dictaphone in the 
cell and used it all against him and he could 
not get out until they had investigated all 
the fires in Oklahoma. So I always think 
that it is much more educational to talk to a 
boy like Fred who has been through a lot and 
really suffered than it is to talk to a gentle- 
man like Mr. Bartlett. But I will have to 
talk to Mr. Bartlett all afternoon as Major 
Falcon has made an appointment for me to 
spend the whole afternoon with him. 


April 15th: 

Last night there was quite a maskerade ball 
on the ship which was really all for the sake 
of charity because most of the sailors seem to 
have orphans which they get from going on 
the ocean when the sea is very rough. So 
they took up quite a collection and Mr. Bart- 
lett made quite a long speech in favor of 


54 


FATE KEEPS ON HAPPENING 


orphans especially when their parents are 
sailors. Mr. Bartlett really likes to make 
speeches quite a lot. I mean he even likes to 
make speeches when he is all alone with a girl 
when they are walking up and down a deck. 
But the maskerade ball was quite cute and 
one gentleman really looked almost like an 
imitation of Mr. Chaplin. So Dorothy and 
I really did not want to go io the ball but 
Mr. Bartlett bought us two scarfs at the little 
store which is on the ship so we tied them 
around our hips and everyone said we made 
quite a cute Carmen. So Mr. Bartlett and 
Major Falcon and the tennis champion 
were the Judges. So Dorothy and I won 
the prizes. I mean I really hope I do 
not get any more large size imitations of a 
dog as I have three now and I do not see why 
the Captain does not ask Mr. Cartier to have 
a jewelry store on the ship as it is really not 
much fun to go shopping on a ship with 
gentlemen, and buy nothing but imitations of 
dogs. 

So after we won the prizes I had an en- 
gagement to go up on the top of the deck 
with Mr. Bartlett as it seems he likes to look 
at the moonlight quite a lot. So I told him 

55 


GENTLEMEN. PREFER BLONDES 


to go up and wait for me and I would be up 
later as I promised a dance to Mr. Mount- 
ginz. So he asked me how long I would be 
dancing till, but I told him to wait up there 
and he would find out. So Mr. Mountginz 
and I had quite a delightful dance and cham- 
pagne until Major Falcon found us. Be- 
cause he was looking for me and he said I 
really should not keep Mr. Bartlett waiting. 
So I went up on the deck and Mr. Bartlett 
was up there waiting for me and it seems that 
he really is madly in love with me because he 
did not sleep a wink since we became friendly. 
Because he never thought that I really had 
brains but now that he knows it, it seems that 
he has been looking for a girl like me for 
years, and he said that really the place for 
me when he got back home was Washington 
d. c. where he lives. So I told him I thought 
a thing like that was nearly always the result 
of fate. So he wanted me to get off the ship 
tomorrow at France and take the same trip 
that he is taking to Vienna as it seems that 
Vienna is in France and if you go on to Eng- 
land you go to far. But I told him that I 
could not because I thought that if he was 
really madly in love with me he would take 
56 


[cia aco camer tthias Lah nen anda ee leedine iam iacsis iaematatommenenimmmaemnanatel 


“Mr. Bartlett suid he did not sleep a wink since 
we became friendly.” 


57 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


a trip to London instead. But he told me 
that he had serious business in Vienna that 
was a very, very great secret. But I told him 
I did not believe it was business but that it 
really was some girl, because what business 
could be so important? So he said it was 
business for the United States government 
at Washington and he could not tell anybody 
what it was. So then we looked at the moon- 
light quite a lot. So I told him I would go 
to Vienna if I really knew it was business and 
not some girl, because I could not see how 
business could be so important. So then he 
told me all about it. So it seems that Uncle 
Sam wants some new aeroplanes that every- 
body else seems to want, especially England, 
and Uncle Sam has quite a clever way to get 
them which is to long to put in my diary. So 
we sat up and saw the sun rise and I became 
quite stiff and told him I would have to go 
down to my room because, after all, the ship 
lands at France today and I said if I got off 
the boat at France to go to Vienna with him 
I would have to pack up. 

So I went down to my room and went to 
bed. So then Dorothy canie in and she was 
up on the deck with the tennis champion but 


58 


FATE KEEPS ON HAPPENING 


she did not notice the sun rise as she really 
does not love nature but always wastes her 
time and ruins her clothes even though I 
always tell her not to drink champagne out 
of a bottle on the deck of the ship as it lurches 
quite a lot. So I am going to have luncheon 
in my room and I will send a note to Mr. 
Bartlett to tell him I will not be able to get 
off the boat at France to go to Vienna with 
him as I have quite a headache, but I will see 
him sometime somewhere else. So Major 
Falcon is going to come down at 12 and I 
have got to thinking over what Mr. Bartlett 
called me at Little Rock and I am quite up- 
set. I mean a gentleman never pays for those 
things but a girl always pays. So I think I 
will tell Major Falcon all about the airoplane 
business as he really wants to know. And, 
after all I do not think Mr. Bartlett is a gen- 
tleman to call me all those names in Little 
Rock even if it was seven years ago. I mean 
Major Falcon is always a gentleman and he 
really wants to do quite a lot for us in Lon- 
don. Because he knows the Prince of Wales 
and he thinks that Dorothy and I would like 
the Prince of Wales once we had really got 
to meet him. So I am going to stay in my 


59 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


room until Mr. Bartlett gets off the ship at 
France, because I really do not seem to care 
if I never see Mr. Bartlett again. 

So tomorrow we will be at England bright 
and early. And I really feel quite thrilled 
because Mr. Eisman sent me a cable this 
morning, as he does every morning, and he 
says to take advantage of everybody we meet 
as traveling is the highest form of education. 
I mean Mr. Ejisman is always right and 
Major Falcon knows all the sights in London 
so it really looks like Dorothy and I would 
have quite a delightful time in London. 


60 


CHAPTER THREE 
LONDON IS REALLY NOTHING 


ae “en ne ae ac 
: a nD i 
Naw ae 


hea aye LR ober 


ee age 


08 foo OR BA j 


CHAPTER THREE 
LONDON IS REALLY NOTHING 


April 17th: 

Well, Dorothy and I are really at London. 
I mean we got to London on the train yester- 
day as the boat does not come clear up to 
London but it stops on the beach and you 
have to take a train. I mean everything is 
much better in New York, because the boat 
comes right up to New York and I am really 
beginning to think that London is not so 
educational after all. But I did not tell Mr. 
Eisman when I cabled him last night because 
Mr. Eisman really sent me to London to get 
educated and I would hate to tell him that 
London is a failure because we know more 
in New York. 

So Dorothy and I came to the Ritz and it 
is delightfully full of Americans. I mean 
you would really think it was New York be- 
cause I always think that the most delightful 
thing about traveling is to always be running 
into Americans and to always feel at home. 


63 


GENILEMEN. PREFER BLONDES | 


So yesterday Dorothy and I went down to’ 
luncheon at the Ritz and we saw a quite cute 
little blond girl at the next table and I nudged 
Dorothy under the table, because I do not 
_ think it is nice to nudge a person on top of 
the table as I am trying to teach good man- 
ners to Dorothy. So I said “That is quite 
a cute little girl so she must be an American 
girl.” And sure enough she called the head- 
waiter with quite an American accent and she 
was quite angry and she said to him, I have 
been coming to this hotel for 35 years and 
this is the first time I have been kept waiting. 
So I recognized her voice because it was really 
Fanny Ward. So we asked her to come over 
to our table and we were all three delighted 
to see each other. Because I and Fanny have 
known each other for about five years but I 
really feel as if I knew her better because 
mama knew her 45 years ago when she and 
mama used to go to school together and 
mama used to always follow all her weddings 
in all the newspapers. So now Fanny lives 
in London and is famous for being one of the 
cutest girls in London. I mean Fanny is 
almost historical, because when a girl is cute 
for 50 years it really begins to get historical. 

64. 


“So I recognized her voice because it was really 
Fanny Ward.” 


65 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


So if mama did not die of hardening of the 
arterys she and F'anny and I could have quite 
a delightful time in London as Fanny loves 
to shop. So we went shopping for hats and 
instead of going to the regular shop we went 
to the childrens department and Fanny and 
I bought some quite cute hats as childrens 
hats only cost half as much and Fanny does 
it all the time. I mean Fanny really loves 
hats and she buys some in the children’s de- 
partment every week, so she really saves quite 
a lot of money. 

So we came back to the Ritz to meet Major 
Falcon because Major Falcon invited us to 
go to tea with him at a girls house called | 
Lady Shelton. So Major Falcon invited 
Fanny to go with us to, but she was sorry 
because she had to go to her music lesson. 

So at Lady Sheltons house we met quite 
a few people who seemed to be English. I 
mean some of the girls in London seem to 
be Ladies which seems to be the opposite of 
a Lord. Ahd some who are not Ladies are 
honorable. But quite a few are not Ladies 
or honorable either, but are just like us, so all 
you have to call them is “Miss.” So Lady 
Shelton was really delighted to~have we 

66 


LONDON IS REALLY NOTHING 


Americans come to her house. I mean she 
took Dorothy and I into the back parlor and 
tried to sell us some bead headbands she seems 
to make by sewing quite a few beads on a 
piece of ribbon to tie around your head in the 
evening. So I asked her how much they were 
and she said 5 pounds. So I asked her how 
‘much it was in money and it seems it is 25 
dollars. I mean I am going to have quite a 
hard time with Dorothy in London because 
she should not say what she said about an 
English lady. I mean she should not say that 
she really thought that Lady Shelton’s head- 
bands were quite useful because any girl who 
would pay 25 dollars for one of them would 
need to have her head bandaged. 

So then Lady Shelton took Dorothy and 
Major Falcon and I to her Aunt’s house 
which was just around the corner from her 
house. Because her Aunt seems to be called 
a Countess and raise dogs. So her Aunt was 
having a party too, and she seemed to have 
quite red hair and quite a lot of paint for 
such an elderly lady. So the first thing she 
asked us was, she asked us if we bought some 
bead headbands from her niece. So we told her 
no. But she did not seem to act like a Coun- 

67 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


tess of her elderly age should act. Because 
she said, ““You were right my dears—don’t let 
my niece stick you—those headbands fall 
apart in less than a week.” So then she asked 
us if we would like to buy a dog. I mean I 
could not stop Dorothy but she said “How 
long before the dogs fall apart?’ But I do 
not think the Countess acted like a Countess 
ought to act because she laughed very, very 
loud and she said that Dorothy was really 
priceless and she grabed Dorothy and kissed 
her and held her arm around her all the time. 
I mean I really think that a Countess should 
not encouradge Dorothy or else she is just as 
unrefined as Dorothy seems to be. But I told 
the Countess that we did not need any dog. . 

So then I met quite a delightful English 
lady who had a very, very beautiful diamond 
tiara in her hand bag because she said that 
she thought some Americans would be at the 
party and it was really a very, very great 
bargain. I mean I think a diamond tiara is 
delightful because it is a. place where I really 
never thought of wearing diamonds before, 
and I thought I had almost one of everything 
until I sdw a diamond tiara. The English 
lady who is called Mrs. Weeks said it was in 

68 


LONDON JIS REALLY NOTHING 


her family for years but the good thing about 
diamonds is they always look new. So I was 
really very intreeged and I asked her how 
much it cost in money and it seems it was 
$7,500. 

So then I looked around the room and I 
noticed a gentleman who seemed to be quite 
well groomed. So I asked Major Falcon 
who he was and he said he was called Sir 
Francis Beekman and it seems he is very, 
very wealthy. So then I asked Major Falcon 
to give us an introduction to one another and 
we met one another and I asked Sir Francis 
Beekman if he would hold my hat while I 
could try on the diamond tiara because J 
could wear it backwards with a ribbon, on 
account of my hair being hobbed, and I told 
Sir Francis Beekman that I really thought it 
looked quite cute. So he thought it did to, 
but he seemed to have another,.engagement. 
So the Countess came up to me and she is 
really very unrefined because she said to me 
“Do not waste your time on him” because she 
said that whenever Sir Francis Beekman 
spent a haypenny the statue of a gentleman 
called Mr. Nelson took off his hat and bowed. 
I mean some people are so unrefined they 


69 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


seem to have unrefined thoughts about every- 
thing. 

So I really have my heart set on the dia- 
mond tiara and I became quite worried be- 
cause Mrs. Weeks said she was going to a 
delightful party last night that would be 
full of delightful Americans and it would be 


“I told Sir Francis Beekman that I really thought tt 
looked quite cute.” 


snaped up. So I was so worried that I gave 
her 100 dollars and she is going to hold the 
diamond tiara for me. Because what is the 
use of traveling if you do not take advan- 
tadge of oportunities and it really is quite 
unusual to get a bargain from an English © 
lady. So last night I cabled Mr. Kisman and 
I told Mr. Eisman that he does not seem to 
how know much it costs to get educated by 


790 


LONDON IS REALLY NOTHING 


traveling and I said I really would have to 
have $10,000 and I said I hoped I would not 
have to borrow the money from some strange 
English gentleman, even if he might be very 
very good looking. So I really could not 
sleep all night because of all of my worrying 
because if I do not get the money to buy the 
diamond tiara it may be a quite hard thing 
to get back $100 from an English lady. 

So now I must really get dressed as Major 
Falcon is going to take Dorothy and I to 
look at all the sights in London. But I really 
think if I do not get the diamond tiara my 
whole trip to London will be quite a failure. 


April 18th: 

Yesterday was quite a day and night. I 
mean Major Falcon came to take Dorothy 
and I to see all the sights in London. So I 
thought it would be delightful if we had an- 
other gentleman and I made Major Falcon 
call up Sir Francis Beekman. I mean I had 
a cable from Mr. Eisman which told me he 
could not send me 10,000 dollars but he would 
send me 1000 dollars which really would not 
be a drop in the bucket for the diamond tiara. 
So Sir Francis Beekman said that he could 


7i 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


not come but I teased him and teased him 
over the telephone so he finally said he would 
come. 

So Major Falcon drives his own car so 
Dorothy sat with him and I sat with Sir 
Francis Beekman but I told him that I was 
not going to call him Sir Francis Beekman 
but I was really going to call him Piggie. 

In London they make a very, very great 
fuss over nothing at all. I mean London is 
really nothing at all. For instants, they make 
a great fuss over a tower that really is not 
even as tall as the Hickox building in Little 
Rock Arkansas and it would only make a 
chimney on one of our towers in New York. 
So Sir Francis Beekman wanted us to get out 
and look at the tower because he said that . 
quite a famous Queen had her head cut off 
there one morning and Dorothy said “What a 
fool she was to get up that morning” and that 
is really the only sensible thing that Dorothy 
has said in London. So we did not bother to 
get out. 

So we did not go to any more sights because 
they really have delicious champagne cock- 
tails at a very very smart new restaurant 
called the Cafe de Paris that you could not: 


72 


“In London they make a fuss over a tower that 
ts not as tall as the Hickox Building in Little 
Rock.” 


73 


GENTLEMEN, PREFER BLONDES 


get in New York for neither love or money 
and I told Piggie that when you are travel- 
ling you really ought to take advantadges of 
what you can not do at home. 

So while Dorothy and I were in the Cafe 
de Paris powdering our nose in the lady’s 
dressing room we met an American girl 
who Dorothy knew in the Follies, but now 
she is living in London. So she told us all 
about London. So it seems the gentlemen 
in London have quite a quaint custom of not 
giving a girl many presents. I mean the 
English girls really seem to be satisfied with 
a gold cigaret holder or else what they call 
a ‘bangle’ which means a bracelet in English 
which is only gold and does not have any 
stones in it which American girls would really 
give to their maid. So she said you could tell 
what English gentlemen were like when you 
realize that not even English ladys could get 
anything out of them. So she said Sir Fran- 
cis Beekman was really famous all over Lon- 
don for not spending so much money as most 
English gentlemen. So then Dorothy and I 
said goodbye to Dorothy’s girl friend and 
Dorothy said, “Lets tell our two boy friends 
that we have a headache and go back to the 


74 


LONDON IS REALLY NOTHING 


Ritz, where men are Americans.” Because 
Dorothy said that the society of a gentleman 
like Sir Francis Beekman was to great a price 
to pay for a couple of rounds of champagne 
cocktails. But I told Dorothy that I always 
believe that there is nothing like trying and 
I think it would be nice for an American girl 
like I to educate an English gentleman like 
Piggie, as I call Sir Francis Beekman. 

So then we went back to the table and I 
almost have to admit that Dorothy is in the 
right about Piggie because he really likes to 
talk quite a lot and he is always talking about 
a friend of his who was quite a famous King 
in London called King Edward. So Piggie 
said he would never never forget the jokes 
King Edward was always saying and he 
would never forget one time they were all on 
a yacht and they were ali sitting at a table 
and King Edward got up and said “I don’t 
care what you gentlemen do—I’m going to 
smoke a cigar.” So then Piggie laughed 
very, very loud. So of course I laughed very, 
very loud and I told Piggie he was wonder- 
ful the way he could tell jokes. I mean you 
can always tell when to laugh because Piggie 
always laughs first. 


75 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


So in the afternoon a lot of lady friends of 
Mrs. Weeks heard about me buying the dia- 
mond tiara and called us up and asked us to 
their house to tea so Dorothy and I went and 
we took a gentleman Dorothy met in the 
lobby who is very, very good looking but he 
is only an English ballroom dancer in a cafe 
when he has a job. 

So we went to tea to a lady’s house called 
Lady Elmsworth and what she has to sell we 
Americans seems to be a picture of her father 
painted in oil paint who she said was a whist- 
ler. But I told her my own father was a 
whistler and used to whistle all of the time 
and. I did not even have a picture of him but 
every time he used to go to Little Rock I 
asked him to go to the photographers but he 
did not go. 

So then we met a lady called Lady 
Chizzleby that wanted us to go to her house 
to tea but we told her that we really did not 
want to buy anything. But she said that she 
did not have anything to sell but she wanted 
to borrow five pounds. So we did not go 
and I am really glad that Mr. Kisman did not 
come to London as all the English ladys 
would ask him to tea and he would have a 

76 


LONDON IS REALLY NOTHING 


whole ship load of bead headbands and dogs 
and anteek pictures that do nobody any good. 

So last night Piggie and I and Dorothy 
and the dancer who is called Gerald went to 
the Kit Kat Club as Gerald had nothing bet- 
ter to do because he is out of a job. So Dor- 
othy and I had quite a little quarrel because 
I told Dorothy that she was wasting quite a 
lot of time going with any gentleman who is 
out of a job but Dorothy is always getting 
to really like somebody and she will never 
learn how to act. I mean I always seem to 
think that when a girl really enjoys being 
with a gentleman, it puts her to quite a dis- 
advantage and no real good can come of it. 

Well tonight is going to be quite a night 
because Major Falcon is going to take Dor- 
othy and I to a dance at a lady’s house to- 
night to meet the Prince of Wales. And 
now I must get ready to see Piggie because 
he and I seem to be getting to be quite good 
friends even if he has not sent me any flowers 
yet. 


April 19th: 
Last night we really met the Prince of 
Wales. I mean Major Falcon called for 


77 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


Dorothy and I at eleven and took us to a 
ladys house where they were having a benefit 
for charity. The Prince of Wales is really 
wonderful. I mean even if he was not a 
Prince he would be wonderful because when- 
ever there is a benefit for charity he knows 
how to mix with all the people just as if he 
was used to it. And then he always dances 
with everybody just on account of charity. 
So then Major Falcon took Dorothy and I 
up to him and gave us an introduction to one 
another and I was very thrilled when he asked ~ 
me for a dance. So I decided I would write 
down every word he said to me in my diary 
so I could always go back and read it over 
and over when I am really old. So then we 
started to dance and I asked him if he was 
still able to be fond of horses and he said 
he was. So after our dance was all over 
he asked Dorothy for a dance but Dorothy 
will never learn how to act in front of 
a prince. Because she handed me her fan 
and she said “Hold this while I slip a new 
page into English histry,” right in front of the 
Prince of Wales. So I was very very wor- 
ried while Dorothy was dancing with the 
Prince of Wales because she talked to the 
Prince of Wales all the time and when she 


78 


LONDON IS REALLY NOTHING 


got through the Prince of Wales wrote some 
of the slang words she is always saying on his 
cuff, so if he tells some important person to be 
‘a good Elk’ or some other slang word 
Dorothy is always saying, they will really 
blame me for bringing such a girl into Eng- 
lish society. So when Dorothy came back we 


* _ f 
= i * 
a Pes +e £8 ye 
ae GE Gooey » LA E 
aa 4 = 
: 1 4 ‘ “ 
s cake 3 
ff 1 | 
2 y 3 { “3 
, f f } ‘ : = 
j 1 
‘ 5 { 
= < j 
. 
io x FOP ELE a 
3 of ae, Le 
— Pte ag 


“So I asked the prince if he was still able to be fond 
of horses.” 


had quite a little quarrel because Dorothy 
said that since I met the Prince of Wales I 
was becoming to English. But really, I mean 
to say, I often remember papa back in Ar- 
kansas and he often used to say that his 
grandpa came from a place in England called 
Australia, so really, I mean to say, it is no 
wonder that the English seems to come out 
of me sometimes. Because if a girl seems to 


79 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


have an English accent I really think it is 
quite jolly. 


April 20th: 

Yesterday afternoon I really thought I 
ought to begin to educate Piggie how to act 
with a girl like American gentlemen act with 
a girl. So I asked him to come up to have 
tea in our sitting room in the hotel because 
I had quite a headache. I mean I really 
look quite cute in my pink negligay. So I 
sent out a bell hop friend of Dorothy and 
I who is quite a nice boy who is called Harry 
and who we talk to quite a lot. So I gave 
Harry ten pounds of English money and I © 
told him to go to the most expensive florist 
and to buy some very very expensive orchids 
for 10 pounds and to bring them to our sitting 
room at fifteen minutes past five and not to 
say a word but to say they were for me. So 
Piggie came to tea and we were having tea 
when Harry came in and he did not say a 
word but he gave me a quite large box and he 
said it was for me. So I opened the box and 
sure enough they were a dozen very very 
beautiful orchids. So I looked for a card, but 
of course there was no card so I grabbed 

80 


LONDON IS REALLY NOTHING 


Piggie and I said I would have to give him 
quite a large hug because it must have been 
him. But he said it was not him. But I said 
it must be him because I said that there was 
only one gentleman in London who was so 
sweet and generous and had such a large 
heart to send a girl one dozen orchids like 


“T said I would have to give him quite a large hug.” 


him. So he still said it was not him. But I 
said I knew it was him, because there was not 
a gentleman in London so really marvelous 
and so wonderful and such a marvelous gen- 
tleman to send a girl one dozen orchids every 
“day as him. So I really had to apologize for 
giving him such a large hug but I told him I 
was so full of impulses that when I knew he 
was going to send me one dozen orchids every 
day I became so impulsive I could not help it! 
BY 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


So then Dorothy and Gerald came in and 
I told them all about what a wonderful gen- 
tleman Piggie turned out to be and I told 
them when a gentleman sent a girl one dozen 
orchids every day he really reminded me of 
a prince. So Piggie blushed quite a lot and 
he was really very very pleased and he did 
not say any more that it was not him. So 
then I started to make a fuss over him and I 
told him he would have to look out because 
he was really so good looking and I was so 
full of impulses that I might even lose my 
mind some time and give him a kiss. ' So 
Piggie really felt very very good to be such 
a good looking gentleman. So he could not 
help blushing all the time and he could not 
help grinning all the time from one ear to an- 
other. So he asked us all to dinner and then 
he and Gerald went to change their clothes 
for dinner. So Dorothy and I had quite a 
little quarrel after they went because Dorothy 
asked me which one of the Jesse James broth- 
ers was my father. But I told her I was not 
so unrefined that I would waste my time with 
any gentleman who was only a ballroom 
dancer when he had a job. So Dorothy said. 
Gerald was a gentleman because he wroté 

82 


LONDON IS REALLY NOTHING 


her a note and it had a crest. So I told her 
to try and eat it. So then we had to get 
dressed. 

So this morning Harry, the boy friend of 
ours who is the bell hop, waked me up at ten 
o'clock because he had a box of one dozen 
orchids from Piggie. So by the time Piggie 
pays for a few dozen orchids, the diamond 
tiara will really seem like quite a bargain. 
Because I always think that spending money 
is only just a habit and if you get a gentleman 
started on buying one dozen orchids at a time 
he really gets very good habits. 


April 21st: 

Well, yesterday afternoon I wok Piggie 
shopping on a street called Bond Street. So 
I took him to a jewelery store because I told 
him I had to have a silver picture frame be- 
cause I had to have a picture of him to go in 
it. Because I told Piggie that when a girl 
gets to know such a good looking gentleman 
as him she really wants to have a picture of 
him on her dressing table where she can look 
at it alot. So Piggie became quite intreeged. 
So we looked at all the silver picture frames. 
But then I told him that I really did not think 


. $3 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES © 


a silver picture frame was good enough for 
a picture of him because I forgot that they 
had gold picture frames until I saw them. So 
then we started to look at the gold picture 
frames. So then it came out that his picture 
was taken in his unaform. So I said he must 
be so good looking in his unaform that I 
really did not think even the gold picture 
frames were good enough but they did not 
have any platinum picture frames so we had 
to buy the best one we could. 

So then I asked him if he could put on his 
unaform tomorrow because I would love to 
see him in his unaform and we could go to. 
tea at Mrs. Weeks. So he really became very 
pleased because he grinned quite a lot and he 
said that he would. So then I said that poor 
little I would really look like nothing at all 
to be going out with him in his georgous 
unaform. So then we started to look at some 
bracelets but a lady friend of his who is quite 
friendly with his wife, who is in their country 
house in the country, came in to the store, 
so Piggie became quite nervous to be caught 
in a jewelery store where he has not been for 
years and years, so we had to go out. 

This morning Gerald called up Dorothy 


84 


LONDON IS REALLY NOTHING 


and he said that day after tomorrow they 
are having a theatrical garden party to sell 
things to people for charity so he asked if 
Dorothy and I would be one of the ones who 
sells things to people for charity. So we said 
we would. 

So now I must telephone Mrs. Weeks and 
say I will bring Sir Francis Beekman to tea 
tomorrow and I hope it all comes out all right. 
But I really wish Piggie would not tell so 
many storys. I mean I do not mind a gen- 
tleman when he tells a great many storys 
if they are new, but a gentleman who tells a 
great many storys and they are all the same 
storys is quite enervating. I mean London 
is really so uneducational that all I seem to 
be learning is some of Piggies storys and I 
even want to forget them. So I am really 
becoming jolly well fed up with London. 


April 22nd: 

Yesterday Piggie came in his unaform 
but he was really quite upset because he had 
a letter. I mean his wife is coming to Lon- 
don because she always comes to London 
every year to get her old clothes made over 
as she has a girl who does it very very cheap. 

85 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


So she is going to stay with the lady who 
saw us in the jewelery store, because it al- 
ways saves money to stay with a friend. So 
I wanted to cheer Piggie up so I told him that 
I did not think the lady saw us and if she 
did see us, she really could not believe her 
eyes to see him in a jewelery store. But I did 
not tell him that I think that Dorothy and 
I had better go to Paris soon. Because, after 
all, Piggie’s society is beginning to tell on a 
girls nerves. But I really made Piggie feel 
quite good about his unaform because I 
told him I only felt fit to be with him in a 
diamond tiara. So then I told him that, even 
if his wife was in London, we could still be 
friends because I could not help but admire 
him even if his wife was in London and I told 
him I really thought a thing like that was 
nearly always the result of fate. So then we 
went to tea at Mrs. Weeks. So Piggie ar- 
ranged with Mrs. Weeks to pay her for the 
diamond tiara and she nearly fell dead but 
she will keep it a secret because no one would 
believe it anyway. So now I have the dia- 
mond tiara and I have to admit that every- 
thing always turns out for the best. But I 
promised Piggie that I would always stay in 
86 


LONDON IS REALLY NOTHING 


London and we would always be friendly. 
Because Piggie always says that I am the 


: 


“So I promised Piggie that I would always stay in 
London.” 


only one who admires him for what he really 
is. 


April 25th: 

Well, we were so busy the last days I did 
not have time to write in my diary because 
now we are on a ship that seems to be quite 
a small ship to be sailing to Paris and we 
will be at Paris this afternoon. Because it 
does not take nearly so long to come to Paris 
as it does to come to London. I mean it 
seems quite unusual to think that it takes 
6 days to come to London and only one day 
to come to Paris. 

87 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


So Dorothy is quite upset because she did 
not want to come as she is madly in love with 
Gerald and Gerald said that we really ought 
not to leave London without going to see 
England while we happened to be here. But 
I told him that if England was the same kind 
of a place that London seems to be, I really 
know to much to bother with such a place. 
I mean we had quite a little quarrel because 
Gerald showed up at the station with a bangle 
for Dorothy so I told Dorothy she was well 
rid of such a person. So Dorothy had to come 
with me because Mr. Eisman is paying her 
expenses because he wants Dorothy to be my 
chaperone. 

So the last thing in London was the garden 
party. I sold quite a lot of red baloons and 
I sold a red baloon to Harry Lauder the 
famous Scotch gentleman who is the famous 
Scotch tenor for 20 pounds. So Dorothy said 
I did not need to buy any ticket to Paris on 
the boat because if I could do that, I could 
walk across the channel. 

So Piggy does not know that we have gone 
but I sent him a letter and told him I would 
see him some time again some time. And I 
was really glad to get out of our rooms at 

88 


EONDON IS REALLY NOTHING 


the Ritz—I mean 50 or 60 orchids really 
make a girl think of a funeral. So I cabled 
Mr. Eisman and [I told him we could not 
learn anything in London because we knew 
to much, so if we went to Paris at least we 
could learn French, if we made up our mind 
to it. 

So I am really very very intreeged as I 
have heard so much about Paris and I feel 
that it must be much more educational than 
London and I can hardly wait to see the 
Ritz hotel in Paris. 


89 


CHAPTER FOUR 
PARIS IS DEVINE 


CHAPTER FOUR 
PARIS IS DEVINE 


April 27th: 

Paris is devine. I mean Dorothy and I 
got to Paris yesterday, and it really is de- 
vine. Because the French are devine. Be- 
cause when we were coming off the boat, and 
we were coming through the customs, it was 
quite hot and it seemed to smell quite a lot 
and all the French gentlemen in the customs, 
were squealing quite a lot. So I looked 
around and I picked out a French gentleman 
who was really in a very gorgeous uniform 
and he seemed to be a very, very important 
gentleman and I gave him twenty francs 
worth of French money and he was very very 
gallant and he knocked everybody else down 
and took our bags right through the custom. 
Because I really think that twenty Francs 
is quite cheap for a gentleman that has got 
on at least $100 worth of gold braid on his 
coat alone, to speak nothing of his trousers. 

I mean the French gentlemen always seem 


See fe 


‘p 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


to be squealing quite a lot, especially taxi 
drivers when they only get a small size yellow 
dime called a ‘fifty santeems’ for a tip. But 
the good thing about French gentlemen is 
that every time a French gentleman starts in 
to squeal, you can always stop him with 
five francs, no matter who he is. I mean it 
is so refreshing to listen to a French gentle- 
man stop squeaking, that it would really be 
quite a bargain even for ten francs. 

So we came to the Ritz Hotel and the Ritz 
Hotel is devine. Because when a girl can 
sit in a delightful bar and have delicious 
champagne cocktails and look at all the im- 
portant French people in Paris, I think it 
is devine. I mean when a girl can sit there 
and look at the Dolly sisters and Pearl White 
and Maybelle Gilman Corey, and Mrs. Nash, 
it is beyond worlds. Because when a girl 
looks at Mrs. Nash and realizes what Mrs. 
Nash has got out of gentlemen, it really 
makes a girl hold her breath. 

And when a girl walks around and reads 
all of the signs with all of the famous histori- 
cal names it really makes you hold your 
breath. Because when Dorothy and I went 
on a walk, we only walked a few blocks 


94 


PARIS IS DEVINE 


but in only a few blocks we read all of the 
_ famous historical names, like Coty and Car- 
tier and I knew we were seeing something 
educational at last and our whole trip was not 
a failure. I mean I really try to make Doro- 
thy get educated and have reverance. So 
when we stood at the corner of a place called 


“Tf you turn your back on a monument and look up, you 
can see none other than Coty’s sign!” 


the Place Vandome, if you turn your back 
on @ monument they have in the middle and 
look up, you can see none other than Coty’s 
sign. So I said to Dorothy, does it not really 
give you a thrill to realize that that is the his- 
torical spot where Mr. Coty makes all the 
perfume? So then Dorothy said that she sup- 
posed Mr. Coty came to Paris and he smelled 
Paris and he realized that something had to 


95 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


be done. So Dorothy will really never have 
any reverance. 

So then we saw a jewelry store and we saw 
some jewelry in the window and it really 
seemed to be a very very great bargain but 
the price marks all had francs on them and 
Dorothy and I do not seem to be mathemati- 


E Sai fp; A oe = 4 SO Be 


“Tt really seemed to be a bargain but Dorothy and I do 
not seem to be mathematical enough to tell how much 
franks is in money.” 


cal enough to tell how much francs is in 
money. So we went in and asked and it 
seems it was only 20 dollars and it seems it 
is not diamonds but it is a thing called “‘paste” 
which is the name of a word which means 
imitations. So Dorothy said “paste” is the 
name of the word a girl ought to do to a 
gentleman that handed her one. I mean I 
96 


PARIS IS DEVINE 


would really be embarrassed, but the gentle- 
man did not seem to understand Dorothy’s 
english. 

So it really makes a girl feel depressed to 
think a girl could not tell that it was nothing 
but an imitation. I mean a gentleman could 
deceeve a girl because he could give her a 
present and it would only be worth 20 dollars. 
So when Mr. Eisman comes to Paris next 
week, if he wants to make me a present I 
will make him take me along with him be- 
cause he is really quite an inveteran bargain 
hunter at heart. So the gentleman at the 
jewelry store said that quite a lot of famous 
girls in Paris had. imitations of all their 
jewelry and they put the jewelry in the safe 
and they really wore the imitatidns, so they 
could wear it and have a good time. But I 
told him I thought that any girl who was a 
lady would not even think of having such a 
good time that she did not remember to hang 
on to her jewelry. 

So then we went back to the Ritz and un- 
packed our trunks with the aid of really a 
delightful waiter who brought us up some 
delicious luncheon and who is called Leon and 
who speaks english almost like an American 


97 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


and who Dorothy and I talk to quite a lot. 
So Leon said that we ought not to stay around 
the Ritz all of the time, but we really ought 
to see Paris. So Dorothy said she would go 
down in the lobby and meet some gentleman 
to show us Paris. So in 2 coupie of minutes 
she called up on the telephone from the lobby 
and she said “I have got a French bird down 
here who is a French title nobleman, who is 
called a veecount so corme on down.” So I 
said “How did a Frenchman get into the 
Ritz.” So Dorothy said “He came in to get 
out of the rain and he has not noticed that it is 
stopped.” So I said “I suppose you have 
picked up something without taxi fare as 
usual. Why did you not get an American 
gentleman who always have money?’ So 
Dorothy said she thought a French gentleman 
had ought te know Paris better. So [I said 
“He does not even know it is not raining.” 
But I went down. 

So the veecount was really delightful after 
all. So then we rede around and we saw 
Paris and we saw how devine it really is. 
I mean the Eyefull Tower is devine and it is 
much more educational than the London 
Tower, because you can not even see the Lon- 


98 


‘ 


PARIS IS DEVINE 


don Tower if you happen to be two 
blocks away. But when a girl looks at 
the E:yefull Tower she really knows she is 
looking at something. J mean it would 
really be quite hard not to notice the Kyefull 
Tower. 

So then we went to a place called the 
Madrid to tea and it really was devine. I 
mean we saw the Dolley Sisters and Pearl 
White and Mrs. Corey and Mrs. Nash all 
over again. 

So then we went to dinner and then we 
went to Momart and it really was devine be- 
cause we saw them all over again. I mean 
in Momart they have genuine American jazz 
bands and quite a lot of New York people 
which we knew and you really would think 
you were in New York and it was devine. 
So we came back to the Ritz quite late. So 
Dorothy and I had quite a little quarrel be- 
cause Dorothy said that when we were look- 
ing at Paris I asked the French veecount 
‘what was the name of the unknown soldier 
who is buried under quite a large monu- 
ment. So I said I really did not mean to 
ask him, if I did, because what I did mean to 
ask him was, what was the name ef his mother 


99 


GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES 


because it is always the mother of a dead sol- 
dier that I always seem to think about more 
than the dead soldier that has died. 

So the French veecount is going to call up 
in the morning but I am not going to see 
him again. Because French gentlemen are 
really quite deceeving. I mean they take 
you to quite cute places and they make you 
feel quite good about yourself and you really 
seem to have a delightful time but when you 
get home and come to think it all over, all 
you have got is a fan that only cost 20 francs 
and a doll that they gave you away for noth- 
ing in a restaurant. I mean a girl has to 
look out in Paris, or she would have such a 
good time in Paris that she would not get 
anywheres. So I really think that American 
gentlemen are the best after all, because kiss- 
ing your hand may make you feel very very 
good but a diamond and safire bracelet lasts 
forever. Besides, I do not think that I ought 
to go out with any gentlemen in Paris be- 
cause Mr. Kisman will be here next week 
and he told me that the only kind of gentle- 
men he wants me to go out with are intelec- 
tual gentlemen who are good for a girls 
brains. So I really do not seem to see many 
